RFS (Responsive font size) implementation (#23816)
twbs/bootstrap: site/docs/4.1/content/typography.md

{% endcapture %}
{% include example.html content=example %}

## Responsive font sizes

> It's possible to enable responsive font sizes in Bootstrap, therefore <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr> can be enabled with `$enable-responsive-font-sizes: true;`. This will rescale the larger font sizes on mobile devices while keeping them big enough to read. All font sizes are rendered in `rem` units (in combination with `vw` for responsive rescaling) which allows the user to increase their font size in their Browser/Operating System. More about <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr> and its configuration can be found on its [Github repository](https://github.com/MartijnCuppens/rfs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrap v4.1 ships with the option to enable responsive font sizes, allowing text to scale more naturally across device and viewport sizes. <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr> can be enabled by changing the  `$enable-responsive-font-sizes` Sass variable to `true` and recompiling Bootstrap.

To support <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr>, we use a Sass mixin to replace our normal `font-size` properties. Responsive font sizes will be compiled into `calc()` functions with a mix of `rem` and viewport units to enable the responsive scaling behavior. More about <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr> and its configuration can be found on its [GitHub repository](https://github.com/MartijnCuppens/rfs).
```

Lastly, should that link be updated?

### Responsive font size utility classes

> If <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr> is enabled, responsive utility classes can be generated with the `$responsive-font-sizes` variable. This variable is empty by default but can be used to generate the classes like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When <abbr title="Responsive font sizes">RFS</abbr> is enabled, you have the option of generating additional responsive utility classes with the `$responsive-font-sizes` Sass map. This map is empty by default, but can be modified to generate any list of classes and sizes you like. For example:
```
